to what my tender body oh oh I think he
said eat my tender oh no no no no
no guys H I don't want to be part of
this experiment anymore I POV You're a
Big Mac in the Oval Office Circa
2017 what's up guys welcome back to the
most unpredictable series on the
internet
random games and we'll start things off
with a game called beneath the blobs
where it's supposedly my first day at
work but I'm starting to worry that this
might be like one of those Craigslist
style jobs if you know what I mean
because I I don't really know what it is
I'm supposed to be doing here but like
judging by the title if I need to be on
my back and spreading cheek for this
thing then I need to get paid more
welcome aboard you're the new recruit
right
don't worry this job is idiot proof well
mostly I mean to lose that one guy I'm
sure you'll be fine as we descend take a
moment to appreciate the facility look
at those tiles so clean you could eat
off them but don't cleaning staff hates
that welcome to the training room this
is where we test your ability to do
basic tasks like picking up objects and
not ruining everything good
luck thank
you even though you still haven't said
what it is that I do here or even where
here is right like all you said is what
I I shouldn't do and like I hadn't
exactly packed a lunch to eat off the
floor this morning so that wasn't a
concern I've always joked about how I
have this press all buttons policy on
the channel but to be perfectly honest
anytime I see a button I I don't
question it I don't think about it I I I
don't even really comment on it I just
press it and then I mean sometimes they
get me into trouble other times they
just kind of make me more confused than
I already was like why would I want a
bunch of pristine white boxes when I
have these perfectly good colored boxes
over here that I can click and hold to
pick up
okay and oh welcome employee click to
interact oh you don't have to tell me to
press a button
twice I don't think anybody is home okay
well I guess we'll turn the lights on to
make it look like someone's
home lady I'm I'm really lost here are
you still there it feels like I'm having
a conversation with Gordon
Freeman oh I think I'm picking up what
you're putting down or I'm supposed to
be picking things up and putting them
down right you want me to put the blue
box inside of the blue box or are you
looking for somebody who's a bit of a
bad boy bit of a rebel you know somebody
who thinks outside of the box somebody
who would put the green box in the blue
box and then that
would do uh a whole lot of nothing okay
then uh screw me I guess I'll I'll be a
good little boy and just do exactly what
you tell me to Blue Box goes inside of
blue box and there you go
it's
just that
easy um lady I I don't know if you know
this but there were some real bad people
in Germany around the 1940s that were
running an operation an awful lot like
this so I'm a touch apprehensive maybe
that's what the white boxes are for can
we just kind of
hit
no okay screw me I guess right
decontamination time just stand still
and let the Mist do its job and try not
to inhale too deeply exactly what I was
worried about safe probably
oh uh
hi uh did you want my white box welcome
to your first real test this is blob 42
or as I like to call him the hungry blob
he's easy to please just don't mess up
the rules or things could get sticky
literally okay well the rules are don't
drop blue food blue food only don't
touch his eye and I need to feed the
blob three blue
food I mean that sounds pretty simple oh
God you are just nightmare
fuel what are you I hate that your giant
baby eyes follow me around the room lady
I don't know if you can hear that right
now but he sounds an awful lot like my
lower intestines about an hour and a
half after Taco Bell so should I be
afraid of the random food
button I feel like if I was going to say
if it gives me a taco I might just need
to Duck and Cover but we got red
food you don't want red food do you you
look like the kind of guy that might
like a little red food and you know what
screw it what's the Worst That Could
Happen You' F the wrong food did you
read the rules or are you just color
blind turns out Duck and Cover is
exactly what I needed maybe just a
couple steps back from the Splash Zone
what how do I get blue food is it just
is it really random am I just going to
constantly poke this guy in the eye you
touched his eyes didn't you yeah that's
rule number three everyone knows you
don't touch the eyes or what he's not
doing anything
right that's gross and all but oh what
if I fed him the box I don't think I'm
supposed to be ble to have this in here
what do you
think is this same as any other color
food Oh I thought I was on to something
there being real clever all right fine
we okay there there's got to be lady are
you trolling me right now okay here we
go Blue food
Tada that's it no yum yums no thank you
all right then uh blue food blue food I
guess I was just really
unlucky two and
[Music]
three we done blob 42 is happy you're
still alive and I'm genuinely surprised
keep it
up I'm sorry are we just going to gloss
over the whole you're still alive
thing I was the slightest bit distracted
because she sounds like the lady from
Hitman you know blob 42 agent 42 but you
stink iron I just fed you I I should be
gone considering that I I could have
died
apparently oh there's more than
one simple task blob 43 needs food but
it won't eat just any old mush it's a
refined blob you see watch the monitor
follow the button sequence and waa
instant blob Cuisine how refined whoa
whoa whoa whoa uh uh GRE wait wait what
hold on I wasn't I wasn't ready lady I
wanted to comment about how he's so
refined and yet you have 42 on the sign
when he's apparently
43 could we maybe run that little Simon
Says back oh no
um I quit are we seriously not going to
go over the colors again because I'm
just going to start pressing random
buttons no that button wasn't even in
the sequence blue are you okay green red
twice if you're confused green green
green blue green red green green Green
another bloodfed another day closer
to well something shall we move on of
course we shall forward
March I would still like the slightest
bit more explanation but I I guess not
ew um you were afraid I was going to eat
off these floors I don't see
why notice that a core shift a little
more lived in or maybe I should say died
in should should you say that I would
prefer if you didn't say that it's very
Resident Evil esque
wait you don't have anything for me just
rules or go
left I don't know about this one what if
we think outside the box and go straight
down the middle
no okay um I mean I've screwed
everything up so far at this point so
why
stop just uh we'll go right yeah oh
breaking rules are we no a rebel a
Maverick or maybe you just didn't see
the sign either way I respect the
recklessness only slight oh would you
look at that both doors lead here who
could have seen that coming all right
me well then isn't that just
unentertaining what kind of test was
that just perfect I told maintenance
about that door weeks ago
typical well no sense in waiting around
just head on through the archives it's
faster
anyway
okay but what's over here is there a
button in the darkness for me I wonder
no I can't see anything okay well I
guess we'll just go through the
archives um lady who's they e oh this
does not look like an archives the
archives nothing exciting here just some
old files a lot of dust
and oh look some
vandalism very original they lied how
creative anyway straight on through no
need to Dole I didn't really want to
Dole in the file morg anyway to be
perfectly honest so let's just
uh I thought that was going to open the
door why is
it what why is it giving
me funny blocks
both sides give me weird little blocks
oh am I supposed to file this stuff away
do a little little something like that
and then uh can't close them but that's
okay so we'll do one there and one
there is that what you
wanted not see oh oh another one over
here oh there's uh yeah one more okay
and uh Boop thank you
she's watching all of this and not
commenting which is uh
concerning to say the
least that's how you open your doors
really okay no no no no no no I I I
don't really want to go in the elevator
it looks like pyramid had took the last
stop this isn't cool man
you got
anything sit here in awkward silence all
right then screw me I
suppose well here we are floor three
just a quick stop before the Finish
Line oh don't let this distract you a
little experiment gone slightly of
course nothing to concern yourself with
it's hard to really see what it is like
my eyes are are struggling to focus on
it
all
um okay I guess I'll just carry on my
way gross you've made it this far let's
wrap this up shall we head into the
control room one last
decision okay you make it sound like
this is my final day
I thought this was a career position
here's the deal two choices two buttons
option one press the green button get in
the lift leave unharmed and forget any
of this ever happened you go home safe
and sound I like that option two press
the red button self-destruct the
facility blow it all to pieces I'm not
going to sugar coat it it's Reckless I
and you'll be caught in the blast think
carefully you've seen some strange
things sure but nothing worth losing
your life over just press green leave
let's call it a day if you press that
button you destroy years of work
generations of research all for what to
feel
righteous I don't feel righteous I just
really don't like do what people tell me
to do you you know like you told me to
put the blue box in the blue box and I
didn't and you told me not to poke the
guy in the eye and I did and you told me
not to drop the
food I forgot to drop the food damn it
oh okay you know what screw you lady oh
you didn't think I'd actually let you
destroy all this did you no no no it's
cute really but I have
contingencies that's it just breathe
deeply
damn
it am I going to be a blob I really
don't want to be a
blob oh that's
it well then I mean I would assume that
pressing the green button would be the
less interesting option of the two so I
feel pretty good with my choice random
games our next game funny enough is
actually the inspiration for the first
game it's called The Blob except it was
never
made so I guess I have to find it
amongst all of these other unfinished
games because it can never be easy what
do we got here plant
plane rounds
3D post game no no blob game here we go
and we'll just pop you in there and
play did you see the boss's new
car yeah it's nice right looks super
cool anyway yeah uh test subject
485 please start your
test okay I mean I like you more than
the last Lady I don't like you
though
hi so your bar must been
tasty giving bir to a little treat like
you you mind being my darling and
dodging my cubes down the
hole I don't like the fact that you just
said my parents must have been
tasty makes me think that I probably
shouldn't put the cubes in the hole
don't you agree no I I don't think I
agree actually scream
CES belong down the hall don't you agree
no I I had to feed the last guy and I'm
I I'm worried that you're not going to
be fed if I throw these down the hole
especially considering you just
commented on my tasty physique so how
about we just uh here you
go is that
bad let's get you another one is coming
what what's what's coming what was that
don't speak with your mouthful here you
go it's good yum yum okay I I think
we're doing good
poisonous why didn't you lead with that
what do you mean they're poisonous
that's the kind of thing that you tell
the guy whose first day it is it's
coming oh death is coming oh okay no I'm
sure we're fine yeah they wouldn't put
me in a situation like that we're just
going to take a deep
breath and dieing to test uh this is a
85 point wait is that a coffee that's a
zero or is that a coffee stain or a
zero anyway whatever we'll start the
test and see how it
goes noticing a distinct incompetence in
this company compared to my last one hey
my guy okay so you got anything
different to say or you going to comment
on my tasty parents so
good you my be darling and doing my Cube
down the hole okay I'll I'll be a
darling and you know he did say that I
look good I've been I've been working on
my figure so we we'll grab his cubes
here you go little screamy cubes and
then we'll toss them
down
hole
um don't fall down the hole subject Mike
Delta Fox Dr
what I don't know what this means
whatever let's just
go from the top okay I don't like the
fact that I have a
timer that's uh little concerning to say
the
[Music]
least how did you become
so fine I know I am fine aren't
I can release the cubes please I'm tired
of getting hit on by The Blob monster
okay there we go we're going to be
careful F and we're going
to good put them down the hole okay we
put them down the hole I'm putting them
down the hole everything is
fine it's just there's something weird
about him you know he looks like belly
button lint and Hodor had a child it's
just it's freaking me
out there we go we'll get rid of all the
screamy little poison
cubes here we
go those cubes for poisoners I and by
putting them in the hole you now enabled
me to eat your tender
body to what my tender body oh oh I
think he said eat my tender oh no no no
no
no guys H I don't want to be part of
this experiment anymore I POV You're a
Big Mac in the Oval Office Circa 2017
if those screamy little cubes are the
only thing that's stopping me from
getting eaten by the splooge Muppet here
then I think we're just going to run
down the
timer I'm assuming that if I don't
complete my daily tasks they're going to
fire me which is a much better
alternative should only be uh about 5
Seconds now my guy I'm sure you can hold
out back up and hang out with the cubes
I don't know who you think you are but
you're wasting our time and we will now
Z zap you with this high power ceiling
laser it'll spin for a while to gather
the energy needed to vaporize all the
particles in the
room that's kind of rude oh oh you seem
to be really having a hard go with the
spinning you're right my guy I do not
like that accumulated
nice are we uh legal just told me that
I'm obligated to issue an epilepsy
warning thank you so uh 3 2 1 go okay
okay I will press a lme green button on
my control panel and this should
activate the spinning laser
thing hang on turns out I need a
password the password to the zappy
thingy block moner room
okay lower case P lowercase
p lower case
a be down
s lower
s lower case
s lower is the password
password lower case
W lowercase
[Music]
w Wait is the password password in all
lowercase there it is all right nice
okay so activating high power ceiling
mounted particle vaporizing spinning
laser
[Music]
now well that's one way of going about
things should I've just been eaten by
the splooge I feel like that would have
been better random GES our final game
for today is somehow yet another blob
feeding game called Tama get out where
you play as a tamagachi I
think yeah there we go hey we've been
born and and yeah like I said I I'm kind
of a blob and I would imagine that this
kind of blob is going to feed me that's
what you do to tamagachi I just need to
figure out how to go about enticing him
to feed me uh I can currently play music
maybe I can sing for some
[Music]
food yeah yeah there we go okay uh thank
you very much I will be devouring that
yum
grul and converting that to poop um my
guy do you want to deal with that by any
chance no okay that's fine I mean I I I
guess I could always sing to it that' be
a good idea this is my poop
song he didn't like like the poop song
which is surprising considering it
sounded exactly like my other
song that's fine I'll be taking that it
should be useful oh I also have a
bowl did you want this I could help you
get another
haircut maybe I shouldn't be pissing off
the guy who runs this prison I'm just
now realizing that I've been trapped in
here for a while
that's not good um maybe you would like
the bowl I think it's okay in its pot
okay I'm I'm also noticing that there
seems to be a way out locked tight I'll
need something else Tama get out I need
to escape from my tagachi are you
kidding
me uh I mean I don't exactly have many
options maybe we can sing to the plant
make it grow o my planty won't you
grow didn't like the poop song okay I I
guess that's just the way that things
are going to be I mean if it doesn't
like the poop song maybe it would like a
little bit of
poop amazing
fertilizer okay it's huge my poop really
worked this dude seems so unimpressed
right now and I don't understand why I'm
doing well down here and quickly running
out of options
not sure what the life cycle of at
tamagachi is like how much time I have
we'll do one more scratch on the wall
hopefully the last I I got to do
something with this bowl right nobody
wants it maybe the microphone could I Oh
I thought of a game okay uh oh yeah real
fun game guy okay this is fine I just
need to catch five of them that was a
slow pitch right across the plate I I'll
take those come on come on come on
I'm I'm doing good you're going you're
going to reward me right yeah
it's I mean it looks like a steak with a
knife in
it I mean you probably would need a
knife or a steak like that M
Steak and more poop let me guess you're
not going to be the one to handle that
what kind of owner are you it's like
literally one of the only things that
you do with a tamagachi you feed it you
clean up the poop that's
it I wouldn't using this knife to get
the hell out of here though it's too
flimsy to pry it crap could we just go
postal on him
no uh oh maybe we take some of the plant
yeah I'll just take a few leaves get
this crap out of the
way okay so maybe now we can sing with
this yeah okay I like that do we have a
poop song for him no just a little dance
he seemed enamored
that's actually quite the
reward just gave me like an SUV size
slice of cake Don't Mind If I Do M let
me guess more crap oh wait maybe I can
uh give more to you yeah and I could try
that again cuz we got even more crap
like that can't have too much of this
stuff I suppose I can't cut it anymore
though oh wait I have a fork what if we
Fork our way out of here it's perfect
let me just pry it open he doesn't look
happy but we're
out random games it has been a while
since I've managed to theme an entire
episode of three random games and I
would have never thought that feeding
blobs would be that theme but here we
are you know what the last episode of
three random games did really well which
is why I was quick to return so if you
guys want to see more as always be sure
to leave a like on the video leave a
comment with recommendations for games
that you would like to see I've got a
couple in mind I would definitely love
return and make this a regular thing but
thanks much for watching this video I
hope you enjoyed and I'll see you next
time
[Music]